kid
Do you think you can have a big breath without brushing your teeth?
Can't you understand human language?
I said our Lingyun room
A building costs at least 50 million
Poor people like you can't afford it for a lifetime
God, either we should forget it
Mr. Yang has no
Don't you love to pretend?
I'll let you pack enough today.
Manager Sun asked how many existing houses you have now
Figure it all out for me
Boy, if you can't afford it today
It goes right under the bone.
There is another way.
Let the beautiful woman accompany me for one night
Let you go
What if I could afford it?
OK, if you can afford it today
I will give you all the tea leaves in my name for free.
Hmph, I don't like your industries
I just want you to be my watchdog
It's a deal.
Boy, you are optimistic about it.
Our Lingyun house costs a minimum of 50 million
There are more than 20 in total.
It's 1 billion
This miscellaneous management fee
Even if you 1.20 billion
Cheap enough, hahahaha.
How come there are so many?
Why don't we just forget it?
No Wang Jing, I'll pay